
				Online food delivery system
	The goal of the project is to assemble a small-scale software and develop it as a team. For this project the team decided to build an online delivery system.  The goal of the online delivery system is to allow the user to easily place a food order from everywhere. This makes the ordering process easier since the user doesn’t have to wait in line to place a food order. It also makes the customer and order management more efficient by notifying the restaurant staff to prepare the order ahead of time. In addition, the goal of this application is to save the customer time by processing the order in a faster more accurate manner. By increasing accuracy, the restaurant also avoids mistakes which ultimately result in greater profit gains. 
	For this application, restaurants, fast food places, and customers with a strict schedule are potential users for this application. Restaurants could use this application which could potentially attract new customers. This is because the developed application is very user friendly which makes it more convenient for hungry customer to place orders. Customers with a restricted lunch break are also potential users for this application since it allows them to place the order from distance. This saves them time that they would otherwise have to spend waiting in line. Moreover, it ensures that their order was placed correct by allowing them to review their order. In conclusion, restaurants can be benefited by using this application by lowering their cost and maximize productivity. 

	(Sally) place order use case here----------
			Use Case- Payment (Seth Larson)
	The use case "Payment" helps the customer choose their method of payment and if they choose to pay card, takes the card information to be used by a credit card payment processor. The payment method asks for the credit card number which must contain 15-16 digits, the expiration of the card, the zip code of the card, and the security code of the card. The method checks the inputs given by the customer to ensure they are only digits, as well as to ensure they are the proper length. When all inputs have been deemed legitimate, the method ends and thanks the customer for payment. If the customer chooses to pay cash, the method reminds the customer of the total, and to be ready to pay when the delivery driver arrives at the customer's residence.
			Use-case View order (Raul Jimenez)
	The use case “View order” allows the customer to view a previously placed order. After the user has placed an order, him or her can go back to view it and they can decide between placing the order and other options within the main driver. The method checks the file name and file path in order to access the appropriate order. Once the scanner has found the correct file it displays the order. After the order has been view, the user can exit the “view order mode” and continue with the program. 












	





